in this video we continue in the
following strategy
finding out the meaning of
difficult words with the part
reading skills it is intended that
you fully understand the text
so that you are able to answer the question
reply
some difficult words can do this
There are a number of ways
is expected to come
first you can even ask how
belt is needed to understand the text
you can first read body and leave
also becomes more difficult such as compassion
works that I need anyway for
complete text
if you have difficult words
first look at surrounding
villages sense
this becomes context you can look at or much
this one
d
you can see if you have the word god behind it
to make
go ahead or compare with her
with a sign that you can already join
every use but in the knowledge and he
total
if you could really sense something behind
you can also be caught one
please note the rules that apply
for becoming
always look for the good
compositions are not always in luck
times that the word edgar laughed
it can prevent you from meaning
no then must be visible from meanings
search further
watch a dictionary maybe always
Stellar and the above
methods can provide parents make
you effectively work
created using a do